1.Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.

Are these the same popular food items across each town in every state ? 

Does that time of year affect the search for food trends ?

2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.

https://trends.google.com/trends/

3. Searched in Google Trends : Milkshake (Beverage) Location: U.S. Time: 02/01/24-02/28/25

a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for "interest over time" ?

100 

b) What is the lowest dip record?

65

4. At the top next to the box for "Milkshake," there is a plus sign to add another search term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).

a) What is the highest point and lowest dip recorded for searched using Hamburger?

Highest: 100  Lowest: 68
 
b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?

 The line for Milkshake moved down and the high and low numbers dropped significantly

5. Why did the line for the Milkshake change? 

According to the information icon the Milkshake line changed because Google trends adjust the data when other search terms are compared.

6.  Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).

a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup and Hamburger?

The search for Hamburger is significantly higher and the pattern compared the pattern compared to the breakup term search is much different.

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?

Although they are closer together on the google trends graph, the patterns are not consistent with each other.

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the article?

This suggests that conclusions in this article may not be correct because there isn't a clear connection between the trends.

8. a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?

Delaware

b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?

South Dakota

9. Saved download to Excel
 
