1. What conclusion can you reach about the responses to this question?

For questions 1-5 majority of the class is on the same page with what to do before class begins, majority have a second monitor or laptop, more than half have a mouse, majority prefer written notes, and many of the answers for number 5 were good questions that were asked.

2. Is the default summary or visualization helpful? How could be improved?

The default visualization is helpful because is shows the questions and answers. It could be a bit more organized with certain questions such as having the majority of yes answers or no answers bunched together instead of scattered.

3. For questions with an "Other" option, where can you find the actual text of those responses? Do you notice anything that might be tricky about analyzing these?

The other answers are typed out however, because its not that many other answers I don't see it as tricky to analyze but if there were more it would be better if these answers were also grouped or bunched together.

4. For questions calling for a written response, what challenges do you notice about finding trends or patterns in the answers provided?

Some challenges are that some did not answer, some are full sentences, some are short questions, and others are long questions.

5. Now that you can see the responses, how might you recommend rephrasing this or question or the response options in a future survey?

I would recommend having different response types or more questions with the "Other" option so that questions are easier to group.

6. Is there anything that surprised you about the survey responses?

Perhaps because I have a laptop and that's what I've used for years I was surprised at so many people having mouses


7. Looking at the responses to questions 1 and 5, are there any ideas you might try to include in your morning routine, or any questions that you are also curious about?

Yes with some of the routines that I read I would like to incorporate reviewing previous class notes before the start of class as a refresher for the next lesson.

8. Pretend you are the instructor is there anything you can learn from this survey to help in how you approach teaching this class?

From an instructors stand point you can learn what equipment your students have and how they prepare for the class. You can understand their learning style of note taking along with what questions they have on certain topics and you can take that into consideration.

9. Again, pretend you are the instructor Do you think it was helpful or not helpful to make this survey anonymous? Why or why not?

The survey being anonymous allows for students answers to be more open and honest without feeling judged so I do believe it was helpful. The cons of it is just not knowing which specific student could use more help and attention.

(File survey response saved as Exercise1A getting set up)




