1. Start by reviewing data.gov homepage. What is this?

This website is the home of the U.S. governments open data, according to the website you can find data, tools, and resources to conduct research, develop web and mobile applications, design visualizations, and more.

2. Go to the Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?

402,375 datasets

3.Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health category?

These topics were tagged with human health because it relates to the health factors of individuals. The topics include Food availability, Nutrition assistance, Clean Air etc.

4.Go to Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?

By clicking the department of agriculture link at the top of the Food Price Outlook page and that link will carry you to the USDA dataset page.

5. Go back to the Data.gov homepage. This time, click on Datasets by organization.

Went back to homepage and clicked on Datasets by organization

6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?

My city and county had no results. But when I search for my state, NY, two organizations came back. One called "City of New York" and "The state of New York". It seems only bigger city areas will come up in a search.

7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your results? 

After searching for food composition in the USDA dataset 17 datasets came up. The top 3 results were Key Foods, FoodData Central, Regional Self reliance. After searching for nutrition in the USDA datasets 229 datasets came up. It seems that different word search terms affect the result numbers that come up.

a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative to find what you're looking for.

It seems that different search terms will come up with different results.

8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take some time to explore the FoodData central website.

a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you get? What happens when you click on a result?

My favorite food is Shrimp so that's what I searched. For the tabs at the top many different number of results came back. When I clicked on a result more data came up such as the components like minerals, vitamins, and individual samples tab, measures and other information.

b) Go back to the Homepage. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find more information on the data types available?

On this page I see latest downloads, historical downloads, and download notes. I see files as big as 452k to 26M. More information on the data types available can be found in the documentation or download notes sections on the page.

 
 




